docs: Add documentation for Gateway API Addresses Support (#35536)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/gateway-api/addresses.rst

    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

Gateway API Addresses Support
*****************************

Cilium Gateway supports `Addresses <https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/gateway/?h=addresses>`__ provided by the Gateway API specification.
The ``spec.addresses`` field is used to specify the IP address of the gateway.

.. note::
   
      The feature only supports IPAddress type of addresses, and works with the LB-IPAM. 
      Please see :ref:`lb_ipam` for more information.

.. code-block:: yaml

    apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
    kind: Gateway
    metadata:
      name: my-gateway
    spec:
      addresses:
      - type: IPAddress
        value: 172.18.0.140
      gatewayClassName: cilium
      listeners:
      - allowedRoutes:
          namespaces:
            from: Same
        name: web-gw
        port: 80
        protocol: HTTP

The output of the above configuration will be:

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ kubectl get gateway my-gateway
    NAME         CLASS    ADDRESS        PROGRAMMED   AGE
    my-gateway   cilium   172.18.0.140   True         2d7h

> If already use the ``io.cilium/lb-ipam-ips`` in the ``spec.infrastructure.annotations`` to specify the IP, the ``spec.addresses`` field will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are already using the ``io.cilium/lb-ipam-ips`` in the ``spec.infrastructure.annotations`` to specify the IP, the ``spec.addresses`` field will be ignored.
```

Author: Done.

.. code-block:: yaml

    apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
    kind: Gateway
    metadata:
      name: my-gateway
    spec:
      infrastructure:
        annotations:
          io.cilium/lb-ipam-ips: "172.18.0.141"
      addresses: # This will be ignored
      - type: IPAddress
        value: 172.18.0.140 
      gatewayClassName: cilium
      listeners:
      - allowedRoutes:
          namespaces:
            from: Same
        name: web-gw
        port: 80
        protocol: HTTP

The output of the above configuration will be:

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ kubectl get gateway my-gateway
    NAME         CLASS    ADDRESS        PROGRAMMED   AGE
    my-gateway   cilium   172.18.0.141   True         2d7h

.. note::

>     At a future date this ``io.cilium/lb-ipam-ips`` annotation will be removed if no ``spec.addresses`` are set.

Author: > I don't understand this note - you mean that support for the annotation will be removed from Cilium, or that Cilium will automatically remove the annotation?

At this point, there's no definitive conclusion - my understanding is that this annotation may not be supported in the future, and users will be prompted to use `spec.addresses` instead.

Refer to : https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/33042#discussion_r1713206663

>     At a future date this ``io.cilium/lb-ipam-ips`` annotation will be removed if no ``spec.addresses`` are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At a future date the use of the ``io.cilium/lb-ipam-ips`` will be deprecated, and then after that, this annotation will be ignored if no ``spec.addresses`` are set. In both cases, warning logs will be added to the Cilium agent logs, and a warning Condition will be placed on the Gateway.
```

Something like this is more what I meant in the original comment.

>     At a future date this ``io.cilium/lb-ipam-ips`` annotation will be removed if no ``spec.addresses`` are set.

Author: Done.
